AIP-99: Create LLMSQLQueryOperator (#61794)
mistercrunch/Airflow: providers/common/ai/docs/operators.rst

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

LLM Operators
=============

> LLM Operators are specialized Airflow operators designed to generate sql queries using Large Language Models (LLMs) based on provided prompts.

Reviewer: This doc should be SQL agnostic -- i.e. the following may be better:

```suggestion
LLM Operators are specialized Airflow operators designed to interact with LLMs in various different ways example to generate sql queries based on provided prompts.
```

> These operators leverage the capabilities DBApi Hook in airflow to get the database schema and use it to generate SQL queries. see the currently supported databases to extract schema dynamically using

Reviewer: and then in a subheading you can talk about SQL specific capability and `DbApiHook`

existing DBApi Hooks or optionally provide the database schema in the input datasource config.

Current LLM Operators uses the Pydantic AI framework to connect to different LLM providers.

Supported LLM Providers
-----------------------

- OpenAI

> - Google

Reviewer: Gemini

- Anthropic

> - GitHub

Reviewer: GitHub feels an odd one here -- what's that for?

Author: This relates to the provider setup for AI models. For instance, if a user wants to use OpenAI models via GitHub, the provider would be GitHub, the model would be OpenAI GPT, and the Pydantic connection should include the GitHub token.

There are numerous OpenAI-compatible models from various providers (https://ai.pydantic.dev/models/openai/#openai-compatible-models). The current PR only implements support for few providers. 

Does this cause more confusion?

Author: Removed this one entirely now that am referring directly pydantic-ai documentation, as we directly inferring models now

* See for more configuration details ``https://ai.pydantic.dev/models/overview/``

Supported Databases
-------------------

> Supported databases to extract schema dynamically using existing DBApi Hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supported databases to extract schema dynamically using existing ``DBApiHook``.
```
